name	footn2
health	60
speed	10
type	enemy
shadow	1
diesound data/sounds/die1.wav
paingrab 1
throw	2 4
grabdistance 20
throwdamage	20
nolife 1
noquake 1
dust dust
hostile player npc
candamage player npc obstacle 
blockodds 3
thold 10
bflash bflash
remap data/chars/foot/01.gif data/chars/foot/alt5.gif
gfxshadow 1
anim spawn
	offset	26 62
	bbox	19 9 16 41
		delay	1
		frame	data/chars/foot/b8.gif
anim idle
	loop	1
	offset	15 60
	bbox	0 0 0 0
		delay	25
		frame	data/chars/footn2/01.gif
		frame	data/chars/footn2/01a.gif
anim walk
	loop	1
	offset	26 59
	bbox	19 9 16 41
		delay	18
		frame	data/chars/footn2/02.gif
		frame	data/chars/footn2/03.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn2/04.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn2/03.gif
anim backwalk
	loop	1
	offset	26 59
	bbox	19 9 16 41
	delay	18
		frame	data/chars/footn2/02.gif
		frame	data/chars/footn2/03.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn2/04.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn2/03.gif
anim pain
	bbox	0 0 0 0
		delay	5
        offset	26 60
		frame	data/chars/footn/09.gif
        offset	27 60
        frame	data/chars/footn/09.gif
        offset	26 60
		frame	data/chars/footn/09.gif
        offset	27 60
        frame	data/chars/footn/09.gif
        offset	26 60
		frame	data/chars/footn/09.gif
        offset	27 60
        frame	data/chars/footn/09.gif
        offset	26 60
		frame	data/chars/footn/09.gif
        offset	27 60
        frame	data/chars/footn/09.gif
anim pain8
    offset	15 95
	bbox	0 0 0 0
		delay	5
		frame	data/chars/footn/a1.gif
        delay 14
        move 27
        offset	53 92
        frame	data/chars/footn/a2.gif
        delay 10
        move 20
        bbox	70 0 8 7
        offset	91 92
        frame	data/chars/footn/a6.gif
        move  15
        offset	98 92
        bbox    54 21 32 39
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
anim fall8
    offset	98 92
    delay 1
        movez 1
        movea 1
        dropframe 52
        bbox	0 0 0 0
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        sound   data/sounds/die1.wav
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        offset	68 132
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/cc3.gif
        move -500
        movez 0
        delay 200
        frame	data/chars/misc/empty.gif
anim death8
    offset	98 92
    delay 1
        movez 2
        movea 1
        bbox	0 0 0 0
        dropframe 48
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/a7.gif
        offset	71 130
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd1.gif
		frame	data/chars/footn/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd1.gif
		frame	data/chars/footn/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd2.gif
		frame	data/chars/footn/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd3.gif
		frame	data/chars/footn/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd4.gif
		frame	data/chars/footn/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd5.gif
		frame	data/chars/footn/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/dd5.gif
        move -500
        movez 0
        delay 200
        frame	data/chars/misc/empty.gif
anim pain10
    offset	15 95
	bbox	0 0 0 0
		delay	1
		frame	data/chars/footn/a1.gif
        delay 9
        move 27
        offset	53 92
        frame	data/chars/footn/a2.gif
        move 46
        delay 10
        offset	99 92
        frame	data/chars/footn/a3.gif
        move  19
        offset	118 92
        bbox	12 45 21 39
        frame	data/chars/footn/a4.gif
        move 0
        frame	data/chars/footn/a5.gif
anim death10
    offset	15 95
	bbox	12 45 21 39
		delay	1
		frame	data/chars/footn/a1.gif
        delay 9
        move 27
        offset	53 92
        frame	data/chars/footn/a2.gif
        move 46
        delay 10
        offset	99 92
        frame	data/chars/footn/a3.gif
        move  19
        offset	118 92
        frame	data/chars/footn/a4.gif
        move 0
        bbox	12 45 21 39
        frame	data/chars/footn/a5.gif
anim grabbed
	offset	15 95
	bbox	12 45 21 39
		delay	5
		frame	data/chars/footn/a1a.gif
anim pain5
    offset	26 60
	delay	200
        frame	data/chars/footn/11.gif
        delay	20
	frame	data/chars/footn/12.gif
anim fall
	offset	26 60
	delay	30
        hitflash bflash
        bbox 0 1000 1 1
        landframe 2
		frame	data/chars/footn/10.gif
        delay 1000
        attack  10 23 19 32 6 1 0 0 10
		frame	data/chars/footn/10.gif
        delay 11
        attack  0
        frame	data/chars/footn/11.gif
anim fall2
	offset	26 60
	delay	1
        jumpframe 1 4 -1 0
        bbox    11 23 23 28
        landframe 2
		frame	data/chars/footn/10.gif
        delay 1000
		frame	data/chars/footn/10.gif
        bbox    0 0 0 0
        delay 11
        frame	data/chars/footn/11.gif
anim bpain
	offset	26 60
	delay	1
        jumpframe 1 4 -1 0
        landframe 2
        bbox    11 23 23 28
		frame	data/chars/foothk/09.gif
        delay 1000
		frame	data/chars/foothk/09.gif
        bbox    0 0 0 0
        delay 11
        frame	data/chars/foothk/10.gif
anim rise
    offset	26 60
		delay	20
		frame	data/chars/footn/12.gif
anim attack1
	range	20 40
	offset	54 90
	bbox    48 36 16 43
		delay	12
		frame	data/chars/footn2/05.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn2/06.gif
		attack  66 38 46 46 8 0 0 0 10
        frame	data/chars/footn2/07.gif
		attack  0 0 0 0 0
		frame	data/chars/footn2/06.gif
anim attack2
	range	20 50
	offset	54 90
    bbox    48 36 16 43
		delay	12
		frame	data/chars/footn2/05.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn2/06.gif
        attack  66 38 46 46 10 0 0 0 10
        frame	data/chars/footn2/07.gif
		attack  0 0 0 0 0
        frame	data/chars/footn2/06.gif
anim attack3
	range	20 50
	offset	54 90
    bbox    48 36 16 43
		delay	12
		frame	data/chars/footn2/05.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn2/06.gif
        attack  66 38 46 46 10 1 0 0 10
        frame	data/chars/footn2/07.gif
		attack  0 0 0 0 0
        frame	data/chars/footn2/06.gif
anim block
	offset	26 60
	bbox	0 0 0 0
    move -6
		delay	7
		frame	data/chars/footn/01.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/01.gif
        frame	data/chars/footn/01.gif
        move -4
        frame	data/chars/footn/01.gif
        move -2
        frame	data/chars/footn/01.gif
        move 0
        frame	data/chars/footn/01.gif
anim spain
    offset	26 60
		bbox	19 9 16 41
        delay   5
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
         frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
anim shock
    offset	26 60
		bbox	19 9 16 41
        delay   5
        landframe 17
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/10.gif
anim sdie
    offset	26 60
	bbox	19 9 16 41
        delay   5
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/sh1.gif
anim pain3
    offset	98 92
    delay 1
        movez 1
        movea 1
        bbox	0 0 0 0
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        offset	71 130
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        move -500
        movez 0
        delay 200
        frame	data/chars/misc/empty.gif
anim pain4
        offset	98 92
        delay 1
        movez 1
        movea 1
        bbox	0 0 0 0
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/a7.gif
        offset	71 130
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd1.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd2.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
       frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd3.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
       frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd4.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
		frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        frame	data/chars/foot/dd5.gif
        move -500
        movez 0
        delay 200
        frame	data/chars/misc/empty.gif
        
